take it take it off
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay do another callback with her so
fellow down the dog you let me step back
again show me how you're gonna reward no
back further like that okay we're gonna
use Mike and let him jump oh okay
don't don't put it there but put it yeah
that's what okay you bend it nope up
you're at rest there you go
ready Oscar I'm good yeah but didn't see
ya so I gotta have it up here so I can
go like this
that's fine okay so I'm just gonna keep
my hand here right now then he comes in
yeah yeah yep okay I'm gonna stay here
so it'll help him come around okay
call him here foods here please wait
wait okay bring it up from behind his
ears behind his ears now now now
[Music]
not say anything
your rodeo I'm just a spectator because
when I do this okay hard for you to give
that's fine but just make sure it
doesn't come out from the front make
sure it comes over the top
touch your armpit like rub it in your
armpit no but bring it down right next
to your boob no where where it's like
that right next name give them a pocket
switch your tux to the other hand get my
pocket right there so it goes like this
look over your head and then write down
like you're gonna brush your boobs right
there
good job do what you approve you do
wedding yeah you look exactly are you
talking about yeah I think I'm you're
okay you're not really my type geez kind
of layered today aren't you hang out
with fours for a day and pocket weight
he'll get his brain
good reward she's getting them back
after party